Experience

Description
I am a software developer with more than 6 years of experience developing both backend and frontend, the latter is the one I have focused more on. During these years I have worked in all kinds of companies developing multiple projects.

Experience in each company

Nucoro
It is my first experience. I had the role of front-end developer.
During my experience in the company, I participated in several notable projects. I developed a platform for creating landing pages for the marketing team.
I also worked on an insurance and investment platform, where I created a state machine for a complex login system and connected the frontend with a REST API.
I contributed to the development of a library of reusable components for different projects, ensuring their compatibility with web, iOS and Android.
In addition, I developed a trading app for iOS and Android, using real-time communication to display charts.
I also participated in the creation of a multifunctional and customizable trading platform, designed to serve as a basis for future projects.

Sngular, Decathlon
It is my second experience. I had the role of full-stack developer. I developed the website for Decathlon Spain, working both on new functionalities and updating the existing code.
I applied a unified design system, created reusable components for several countries and managed the user experience. I also implemented analysis events, performed testing, documented and previewed the work.
In addition, I developed on the server side and managed configurations and customizations with a CMS.

Urban data analytics
It is my third experience. I had the role team lead of the front-end team.
In charge of leading the development of the company's main platform and managing the relationship with clients, mainly banks and real estate companies, attending to their technical needs.
My role includes planning and executing the development of the platform, ensuring that the functionalities are adjusted to the specific requirements of each client.
Part of my responsibilities involves managing the necessary configurations to adapt the platform to the different needs, as well as supervising version control and CI/CD configurations.
In addition, I am in charge of optimizing processes by creating containers and managing cloud resources to keep the API and platform operational.

BBVA
It is my last experience. I am now at a leading bank, ensuring our frontend code is secure, scalable and ready to conquer any challenge.
I am working in the main applications.


Education

Spoken languages
My native language is Spanish and I am fluent in English with full professional competence.

Technical skills
I have knowledge in the following programming languages: Javascript, Typescript and a bit of Python.
I have experience with the following frameworks and technologies: React, Svelte, Lit, Next js, Ember js, Vue, Node.js, Express.js, Jest, Vitest, Mocha, Chai, Cypress, Cucumber, Webpack, Babel, Tailwind, Sass, Styled-components.


About me

Description
I am a proactive person, with a great capacity for teamwork and leadership. I am passionate about technology and I am always looking for new challenges to continue learning and growing professionally

Hobbies
I like to play sports, especially pádel and basketball. I also enjoy travelling, reading and watching movies and series. I love to try new restaurants of all kinds of food.

